

I am a sophomore student in the UG program at the National Institute of Technology Hamirpur, INDIA(http://nith.ac.in/) in India majoring in Computer Science and Engineering holding CGPA - 8.86. 

An enthusiast learner with apt proficiency in C, C++ and Python 3, a sound knowledge of  Machine learning, Deep Learning, Image Processing,Data Mining and regular research and survey papers to possess analytical and reasoning skills.

I am a hard-working person who always believed in making society better with the skills I possess. Following my motto I have created a lot of projects, solving social issues Along with my every task is dedicated to the promotion of open source.


As a former intern at Accelerating Vision, Dehradun(AccisVis), I have also acquired skills in Deep Learning, Machine Learning along with 

In the domain of Clustering - Customer in a Mall Clustering (By clustering your customer data you can find groups of them by age, salary, gender or any other feature that you have in your customer dataset. By doing this you can assure to find the best strategy for a market.(GITHUB REPO),

In the domain of Data Mining, I created a Web Scraper which connects to google with the search query, retrieves every website and then connects to that one by one to retrieves the textual content from them

(GITHUB REPO)

A search engine with NLP, based on graph database with Neo4j on cipher query language ( PSEUDO CODE OF PROJECT) and graph-based recommendation engine(PSEUDO CODE OF PROJECT ), I was also honored with the best summer intern at AcceVis Dehradun. At NIT Hamirpur I have conducted various workshops on Machine Learning, Python, Arduino, Raspberry pi with the society of promotion of electronics culture (https://specnith.com/) and workshops on Artificial Intelligence obstacle avoiding bot with esp8266 with Robotics society NITH (http://robosocnith.com).


Currently, I hold a sound knowledge of Data Science and Analysis. While at the College, I have strategically worked and completed the following major projects :

Cruise Control System for Blind people with Image Processing techniques With  Parsey McParseface (  a language parsing deep learning model made by Google that uses Point-of-Speech tagging )    in which obstacle detection is made using proximity sensor and Computer vision using the DEEP LEARNING technique and direction of walking of person is changed using EMS dynamically.

Artificial Intelligence Brain-Computer Interface wheelchair-using brain sense and RAW EEG signals which also uses human speech for the direction Using  LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation).
Traffic Prediction with geo imagery dataset, resterio library with Landsat 8 open database is used to predict the traffic of the defined area captured by satellite using Keras embedding layer and convolution neural network.

Using my knowledge of the above, I designed analytical and observing skills which paved me to the path of becoming a technical troubleshooter.



You can visit me at https://rishabhdhenkawat.github.io/website/home

. 
